BD-2592 | Migrate contributing content to the '_home' directory (#6391)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_hidden/archived_layouts/glossary.md

---
nav_title: Glossary
article_title: Glossary layout
page_order: 0
noindex: true
---

# Example layout: Glossary

> The glossary layout is in YAML. It requires several components and parameters. Glossary layouts are good for localized searchable content, like dictionaries and specific categories of content.

## Required Components

1. YAML Open and Closing notation. In other words, `---` before the content, and `---` after. 

> 2. Quotes around certain parameter content. (Header parameters, text parameters, content with hyphens or other special characters.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Quotes around certain parameter content. (Header parameters, text parameters, and content with hyphens or other special characters.)
```

Author: We can ignore changes related to the `_hidden` directory. Sorry for not notating previously!

> 3. Glossary Tags notation (These are filter tags)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Glossary Tags notation (Filter tags)
```

Author: We can ignore changes related to the `_hidden` directory. Sorry for not notating previously!

## Required Parameters

|Parameter | Content Type | Details |
|---|---|---|
|`page_order`| numerical | Order the page within the section. This order will reflect in the left-hand navigation. |
| `nav-title`| Alphanumeric | Title that will appear in the left-hand navigation. |
|`layout`| Alphanumeric - No spaces | Select a layout from the [layout section](https://github.com/Appboy/braze-docs/tree/develop/_layouts) of the documentation. | 
|`glossary_top_header` | Alphanumeric | Requires double quotes. Title appears at the top of the page. |

> |`glossary_top_text`| String, Alphanumeric | Describe your glossary page. This will appear above the search bar and filters (if you choose to have them.) This is essentially written in HTML, so you can use ```<br> to create linebreaks. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`glossary_top_text`| String, Alphanumeric | Describe your glossary page. This will appear above the search bar and filters (if you choose to have them). This is written in HTML, so you can use ```<br> to create linebreaks. | 
```

|`glossary_tag_name` | Single Word, Alphanumeric | Name your filters. These will appear in checkboxes below the search bar as well as in the data below. | 

> |`glossary_filter_text`| String, Alphanumeric | Describe your filters. Usually used to instruct. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`glossary_filter_text`| String, Alphanumeric | Describe your filters. Typically used to instruct. | 
```

|`glossary_tags`| More YAML plus content. | Format as shown below: <br> glossary_tags: <br>  - name: Content Cards <br>  - name: Email | 
| `glossaries`| More YAML plus content. | See [Glossaries Parameters](#glossaries-parameters) below. |

### Glossaries Parameters

|Parameter | Content Type | Details |
|---|---|---|
|`name`| Alphanumeric | Name your glossary item.| 
|`description`| String, Alphanumeric | Describe your glossary item. | 

> |`calculation`| String | (Optional) Describe how your glossary item is calculated (usually used when describing data or metrics. | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`calculation`| String | (Optional) Describe how your glossary item is calculated. Typically used to describe data or metrics. | 
```
